Mozilla employees have a weekly Rust planning meeting on Tuesday mornings at 9:00 AM Pacific (UTC-8). Minutes are recorded on Etherpad (the address of which is often pasted into #rust immediately prior) and then archived here.

## Weekly meetings:

* [[Meeting weekly 2011-10-11]] (unsafe blocks; typestate; tutorial; destructuring)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-10-18]] (status update)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-10-25]] (objects; regions; kinds)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-11-22]] (last-use analysis; outparams; unique vectors and strings)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-11-29]] (type classes; fixed-size arrays)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-12-06]] (status update)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-12-13]] (no implicit copies; unique closures; type classes; libraries)
* [[Meeting weekly 2011-12-20]] (varieties of function; semicolon syntax)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-01-03]] (new syntax; blocks vs for loops; interfaces; rustbot)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-01-10]] (0.1 blockers; object system)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-01-17]] (0.1 prep)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-01-24]] (monomorphizing, comp. perf., 0.2)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-01-31]] (exhaustiveness checking, scheduling, monomorphizing, 0.2)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-02-07]] (bind; monomorphization; proposal process; regions; FFI)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-02-14]] (triage and bug tracking; non-exhaustive alts; crust functions)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-02-21]] (status updates; refinements and typestate; unsafe blocks; SEH)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-02-28]] (C types; let mut; iteration; regions; bug sheriff)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-03-06]] (FFI, bugs, exports)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-03-20]] (modes; 0.2; emerging languages 2012; conveniences; arenas experiment; jemalloc)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-04-17]] (alt syntax; clang integration; lint changes; labels; crate files; build logic; vector changes; resolve rewrite)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-04-24]] (status updates)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-05-08]] (dynamic-size types, borrowing, GC, globals, documentation, versioning)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-05-15]] (resolve, dvecs, macros, reflection API, stability, crates)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-05-29]] ()
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-06-05]] (Patrick's vision for upcoming language changes)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-06-12]] (dynamically sized types; patterns; maxmin classes; eliminating modes; 0.3; roadmap; repo policy)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-06-19]] (last-use; classes; literal inference; typestate)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-06-26]] (vectors; resolve; 0.3; traits; coherence; linked failure)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-07-03]] (bug tracking; macro sigil change; buildbot;channel contracts/pipes; libcore/libstd blurring)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-07-10]] (procedural things related to 0.3, macros)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-07-17]] (IFCP contest; purity inference; any type; incremental recompilation; bug policy; updates)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-07-24]] (mutability; linked-failure)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-07-31]] (macros; hashing; parentheses; structural records; explicit self; static methods; KEYWORDS!)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-08-07]] (Case classes; syntax)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-08-14]] (labels; common fields in enums; trait-with-impl syntax; macros and crate dependencies; default methods)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-08-21]] (one-shot closures; type/module unification; region meta-design question; license; serialization of metadata; unsafe exports in core)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-08-28]] (extern; equality; method calls; enum refinements; release status; metadata)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-09-04]] (nothing of import)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-09-11]] (minor syntactic cleanup; monomorphic explosion; tweak impl syntax; unchecked vs unsafe; moves; docs)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-09-18]] (extern mod; 0.4)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-09-25]] (0.4)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-10-02]] (0.4; moving vs copy)
* [[Meeting weekly 2012-10-09]] (0.4; docs; 0.5 priorities; review; anonymous traits)

## In-person meetings:

* [[Meeting inperson 2011-04-06]] (kind system; resources; env capture)
